This a program modeled after the old game, Sea Battle.  The object of the game is to sink your opponents ships which are randomly deployed on a square tracking grid. Different types of ships have a differet amount of hits they can sustain before sinking. The ships are invisible and can only be seen when being directly hit by the players shots. The first person to reach 0 remaining ships on their grid loses the game.  This  program was developed in Java using Netbeans as an IDE. For the desgin of the code, I used a model-view-controller design to keep the code format cleaned. There were a total of 18 classes used for the program, which all either belong to the view, model, or the controller (with the exception of the main class.) 
  The program implements a GUI element so the players can see the other board. I have also imported sound effects to accompany the shots which can change depending on a hit or miss. Within the grid class, the logic for importing the ships into a random but sensible layout is implemented. This was the bulk of the issues in terms of logic. The rest was hit detection, instantiating the different types of ships, setting up the empty grid, and GUI implementation with the accompanying sound imports. 
  After personal testing and using other testing applications no errors have been found to date. The game overall is very simplistic in conception though a bit technical in code. In this repository is all of the neccesary source code to run the program at it's base GUI level.
